1. How do props contribute to component composition in building complex 
Allowing unidirectional flow

2. Which component composition principle focuses on making reusable components that encapsulate UI features?
Abstractions

3. How is the state managed in function components in React?
With the useState hook

4. Which phase of the functional component's lifecycle involves responding to changes in the component's state or props and reinvoking the function body?
Updating Phase

5. Which two phases of the functional component's lifecycle handles errors and prevents them from crashing the entire application?

Error Handling
Mounting Phase


Mod 2 lesson 2
1. In JavaScript, what method should you use to add new items to the end of an array?
push()


2. How do you access the first element of an array in JavaScript?
arr[0]

3. In React, what method would you commonly use to render lists of elements dynamically?
NOT forEach()

4. How does React quickly update the DOM when props or state changes?
by using the virtual DOM

5. Which of these is true about React's Virtual DOM?
It's a lightweight in-memory representation


Graded
1.Which of the following function component principles helps you identify errors well?
unidirectional

2. What purpose does higher-order function component composition serve?
Adding features

3. How does the hierarchy principle benefit component organization in React?
Modular design parent-child

4. Which hook function should you use to update the user's name from "Marie" to "Marie Torres" in React?
setName()

5. If you allow users to collapse or expand a section for better readability, which approach would provide the best user experience to control screen clutter?
Separate component with toggle

6. Which phase of a functional component's lifecycle does React use to initialize a component and prepare it for rendering on the DOM?
Mounting Phase

7. Examine the following code:

useEffect(() => {

 fetch('https://api.example.com/products')

 .then(response => response.json())

 .then(data => setProducts(data))

 .catch(error => console.error('Error fetching products:', error));

}, [ ]);

What purpose does the empty dependency array, [], serve?
NOT Declares and initialises
NOT responds to user actions

8. Which of the following methods removes elements from an array based on a condition?
filter

9. Which of the following can you use to provide additional data about an HTML element?
Attribute

10. Which key benefit of React's virtual DOM enables efficient updates?
re-rendering only the updated component